The last part of this bonus section, I just want to clarify the different types, all the different
versions of ECMAScript, because this can get very confusing for a lot of newcomers in this space.
ECMAScript releases new versions of the language all the time, okay, and ES is just short
for ECMAScript.
And every time you see "ES" followed by a number, that's just referencing a version.
So ES1, ES2, ES3 and ES4, those were all old versions that have now been abandoned. ES5,
on the other hand, was released in 2009.
And then we've got ES6, which was released in 2015, and ES6 used to be the popular name, but ECMAScript
decided to move to annual updates, and they don't want us calling it ES6 anymore.
So they said the official name of it is ES2015.
So, whether you refer to it as "ES6" or "ES2015", they are basically the same thing.
And why ES2015 is the most popular version, is
because most browsers, or pretty much every browser now supports ES2015, even though they are later
versions of ECMAScript right now.
OK, so that's just a bit of awesome knowledge.